Previously on "Emerald City"...
You are the only child of
Samuel and Katherine Pastoria.
What kind of a name is Ozma?
It means "leader of Oz."
Dorothy's not an assassin.
The Wizard sent her to kill me.
Take her life
and your heart will be free.
Stop Glinda.
But you have your giants.
Use them.
Their power is locked
in the prison of the abject.
Mistress east and I.
we had a partnership.
Prison of the abject.
We can't unlock it.
A witch's spells are her own.
I'm not drinking
a witch's insides.
You want revenge
for your parents.
You want to destroy the Wizard.
Then taste my sister's magic.
Tip!
Kill him!
♪ ♪
it worked.
Are my weapons at the ready?
Guards!
You're joking.
♪ ♪
Turn around
and no harm will come to you.
I demand an audience
with the Queen!
Not a captain of an army
who's never seen a fight!
Then there will be harm.
Those weapons that you have!
They were manufactured
to outfit my men.
The guns are ours.
The people of ev.
they know I've been generous.
And now the Queen will know
how grateful I am.
Perhaps this payment
will help the girl
come to her senses.
♪ ♪
let them in.
Just the gold.
♪ ♪
he's doubled his payment.
My Queen.
the beast is nearly upon us.
You're dooming us
to repeat the past
if the Wizard cannot defend us.
The weapons are all the power
we need to defend ourselves.
Let his kingdom
be destroyed this time.
And let us take away any
currency he needs to rebuild it.
You're making an enemy
of the Wizard.
What would my father have done?
Accept the payment.
Then so will I.
And I'll keep the guns.
♪ ♪
we have your gold.
We have your guns.
We no longer need
the Wizard of oz.
Don't go.
You can't go.
What am I supposed to do
without you?
The pain...
It never stopped.
Maybe on the other side...
No.
I was just there.
I saw my family.
I felt them.
how they loved me.
I watched them murdered by a man
wearing the mask of a lion.
I know every detail.
That was death.
Please don't become that.
Please...
♪ ♪
my sister...
Do you feel her inside you?
What does she command?
A message.
For you.
Tell me.
She wants you to get up
off your sorry ass and help me.
Well. that's what
she would have said.
♪ ♪
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
♪ ♪
soldier. move away
from the gold.
What are you doing?
The destruction is coming.
Currency to protect my family.
Yours too.
Where's your Queen?
♪ ♪
Where is your Queen?
If anyone comes...
♪ ♪
Lucas. not like this...
Look at me!
At least look at me!
Now that I've got
all this witch stuff inside me.
can't we just. you know.
fly to wherever?
If we fly.
Glinda will find out about you.
Then she'll want you
for her own.
Why would she want me?
You have the powers
of a cardinal witch.
It's a force
to be reckoned with.
I don't feel like it.
I don't feel any magic.
And what does that feel like?
Like...
Nothing.
I died and came back to life.
Surely I can cast
a stupid spell.
You don't summon magic.
It comes for you.
How?
Sit down.
Close your eyes.
Now tell me. what do you feel?
Hatred.
For the Wizard and the man
who killed my family.
Absorb it.
Take it with you.
Then go deeper still.
Something's happening.
I-i can't stop it.
You're not supposed to.
♪ ♪
how did you do that?
I didn't.
This is what the magic found.
This is me!
Why?
You should have never been.
But I am.
You should have never happened.
I'd send you home if I could.
but it's not possible.
Neither we were before we fell
into this world. but I did.
And it's wrong.
You being here...
you...
you can't be part of me.
You can't.
Not anymore.
So do it.
Kill me.
Do it.
Do it!
♪ ♪
you can't. can you?
Close your eyes.
Ahh!
♪ ♪
Stop me!
Dorothy. please. stop me!
Use the gauntlets. please!
Stop me!
I can't.
I don't want you dead...
I don't want you dead.
Stop me. Dorothy!
Stop me!
♪ ♪
No...
You got your wish.
I never happened to you.
♪ ♪
you have my gold.
And your guns.
Do you wonder
why you're still alive
when these men in this room have
killed everyone else around you?
If you kill me.
my soldiers kill yours.
You've lost your army
to fight Glinda.
The end.
I see you're very smart.
♪ ♪
you're a clever girl.
Ahh!
♪ ♪
I know your father is
no longer around to teach you.
So let me give you a lesson
in how to negotiate properly.
You make yourself presentable
for your soldiers.
And choose a new mask.
It might be your last.
Jane!
Jane! Jane. you have to help!
What happened?
The Wizard and his men
have langwidere.
The Wizard is here?
If her soldiers don't
turn over the guns.
he's going to execute her.
What do we do?
Jane!
You hold the power
of my sacred sister.
most merciful and stern.
Try to be worthy.
I've never felt better.
I'm free.
I'll split you in two
if you touch me with those.
That's what we'll do
to the Wizard.
Tear him in two.
Oh. grow up.
Two witches aren't just going to
walk into emerald city
and unseat the Wizard alone.
Fine.
What else do we need?
Supporters.
Your father had many
and that's who we'll recruit.
Then let's go.
What?
You can't go like that.
Like what?
A boy.
Ozma was born a girl.
But...
This is what I've always been.
This is who I really am.
You were born a girl.
And if you don't change yourself
back into one.
no one will follow you.
You will never have
your revenge.
I finally have
what I care about most.
Emerald city. the throne.
that's what you want.
That's why I gave you
my sister's powers!
Not for your own
petty indulgences.
This isn't petty!
This is me!
So your parents will
go unavenged
just so you can take a piss
standing up?
Don't!
Don't.
Don't do this to me.
Don't make me choose.
Do you have any idea
what it was like for me
to look in the mirror and see
a stranger staring back?
To have someone else
all over me. infecting me?
This... this...
this skin...
it's the only thing
that was ever really mine.
Tip.
♪ ♪
Yeah. I know. I'm trespass.
I remember.
I don't want trouble
with any of you.
I want ojo.
Why did you take to a witch
who wanted to kill me?
Because the one from the west
almost did.
- You are revenge.
- Answer me.
To free my wife
from the prison of the abject.
And did she?
Her words were false.
I want nahara free too.
And I have the power to do it.
What do you want from her?
The stone giants.
The eternal warriors.
To stop Glinda permanently.
It took magic to raise them.
and the Wizard doesn't have any.
But nahara does. doesn't she?
I want her to raise
the giants again.
For the Wizard?
For me.
♪ ♪
we're done.
Go your own way.
Without you. there is no army.
Without ozma. there is no oz.
What does that mean?
We'll try it your way.
As a boy.
Thank you.
Thank you for understanding me.
♪ ♪
frank?
Frank? Who's that?
It's familiar.
But lost.
So was everyone I cared about
when you damned me to live here.
You were never kind to me. Jane.
Do you remember?
Despite how much
I tried to help you
be who you were.
It was your job to help me.
Yet you didn't help me
when we found oz.
When it was my time.
You even discredited me.
I'm the only one left
who knows you're a fraud.
It must hurt
to know that no one will listen.
I know the only reason
you have kept me alive
is because my work has value
to you.
Tell me what you need.
I-I'll make it for you now.
You came here
to save langwidere.
How very maternal of you.
She is just a girl!
She's standing
in the way of survival.
Frank. you have taken
everything else from me.
Not this too.
You can't!
I am the Wizard of oz!
If you call me any name
other than that again...
Won't be her life
that you're begging for.
He can't be stopped.
He'll destroy everything
for those guns.
Then make me the gun.
Why did you lie to me?
When we first met. you told me
the Wizard animated the giants.
He would have burnt
the tribal freelands
if I spoke truth.
That's why he imprisoned nahara?
To keep his secret.
Yes.
Nahara was sacrifice.
So our people lived.
Ojo. you deserve
to see her again.
To have her home.
Torrent downloaded from RARBG
you'll bring nahara to me?
Yes.
but I'm not just gonna free
nahara.
I'm gonna free all of them.
♪ ♪
what happened to the witches?
Free me...
And I'll tell you.
Nahara... is... is she...
Only the sick and dying remain.
The rest of the prisoners.
where are they?
Taken.
Taken? Taken by who?
Your army of witches.
Your army of magic.
Dressed and ready for war!
♪ ♪
I'm sorry. ojo.
Nahara...
West took everyone
but the dead and dying.
I'm Dorothy Gale.
I ripped the sky.
Nahara...
I need you to raise
the eternal warriors for me.
It will not be done.
It's the only way
to stop the war
between Glinda and the Wizard.
War is good.
No. No.
People will be killed. nahara.
Children will be killed.
Oz is magic.
The Wizard is death.
Yes.
But if I help the Wizard.
he's gonna take me
back to where I belong.
And if you help me.
I'll take the Wizard with me.
Free magic?
Yes.
Free magic.
This is why you had me drink
east's spells.
Not for me.
You just wanted her magic
so you could free your sisters.
I wanted you to have power.
Be it magic. riches. or an army.
it makes no different.
You take power
where you can find it.
Their magic will unite with ours
to end the Wizard for good.
How do you know
they'll follow me?
I'll make them.
In certain circles. I was known
as the wicked witch of the west.
Yeah. I heard that.
As you once stood united
with king pastoria.
you now stand with his child.
the one true heir
to the throne. ozma.
Follow us to emerald city
to end the one
who imprisoned you:
The horrible Wizard of oz!
Ozma is dead.
It's a boy in a dress!
What imposter
do you bring before us?
He possesses the the emerald
dagger given by his father.
None can question
its authenticity.
It proves nothing.
Possessions can be lost.
And found.
This boy is no ozma.
I am a cardinal witch
and you will hear my truth
or I'll gladly throw you
back in prison
if you find it more agreeable.
None here will be intimidated
by the Wizard's whore.
- I'm nobody's whore.
- You're worse.
You're a traitor.
and you will speak no more.
Mistress!
Are you ready. little Queen?
I hope you've chosen wisely.
I have.
The Queen!
Ready your weapons!
Be calm!
I am sound.
And though exposed.
it is of my own choosing.
Tell them to put down
their guns and join us.
Tell them
or you die.
Then you get nothing.
Why don't you try
and convince them?
Soldiers of ev.
we can fight together
or we can die apart.
And the first death
will be the most tragic
and unnecessary death
of your Queen
if you don't put down
your weapons.
Madame Queen?
What is your wish?
Last chance to save your life.
Let us be...
An example.
My life is worth nothing
unless you stand with me
against this man.
Never surrender your weapons!
Oh. you put them down!
You put your guns down
or your Queen is lost!
Do you understand?
If you make me kill her.
you all die.
It's okay.
Let me go.
♪ ♪
no.
Stop him!
♪ ♪
I'm here.
Ojo!
Jane!
Jane. she's been shot.
You have to do something.
You have to help her!
Fix her!
You have to do something!
Please. fix her!
Fix her like you fixed me.
Please!
♪ ♪
she can't die!
Do for her what you did for me.
You were alive
when we found you.
So is she!
No. Jack...
no!
So is she!
Jack!
Because we are fair.
you will hear
the charges against you
before you are sentenced.
More than your apostate
of a sister did for us.
You and your cardinal sisters
are to blame for the end
of our kind.
She stands against her sisters.
It was mistress east
who locked you in the prison.
But mistress west
sold the soul of our world
for her own escape.
to forget her pain.
She was weak. as we all are.
She set herself apart from us.
denied us our place.
Now she will pay
for the sins of her sisters.
those here and gone.
Help your sister to her feet.
Shapeshifting and sound waves.
Both base magics.
It's going to be okay.
Everything's going to be okay.
Wait. wait. wait. wait!
♪ ♪
this magic can't be tricked.
You are true.
We honor king pastoria
and his daughter.
Mistress west freed your hides.
She stands against those who
truly act again the sisterhood.
So help her to her feet.
The Wizard has oppressed the
magic that is your birthright...
its seeds sown into
the fabric of this land.
No one can take that away
from you.
Fight with me to rise again.
To emerald city.
How many masks did you make her?
- Jack...
- how many?
Hundreds.
One for sadness.
For joy.
One for rage.
For longing.
One for love.
She tried to love you. Jack.
as best she could.
Did you make one for this?
For death?
No.
- I killed her. Jane.
- No.
- This is all my fault.
- You didn't kill her.
I shot her!
I killed her!
Many years ago.
the beast forever
destroyed this kingdom.
Jane.
Slaughtered the royal family.
What are you doing?
The Queen...
Her sons...
Her daughter.
And what of him?
Only the king survived.
I don't understand.
You didn't kill her. Jack.
Because she was already dead.
I salvaged what remained.
The rest. I rebuilt.
I made her masks to hide a face
that never aged.
It was a secret
the king swore me to keep.
He couldn't lose her.
and you don't have to either.
I can repair her.
You let me believe she was real!
That I was real!
- You are.
- No. I'm not!
I'm nothing but tin. like her.
- No!
- This body. these parts...
No.
I might as well
put them to good use.
Where are you going?
To cut down the Wizard.
His soldiers will kill you.
They can't!
I'm already dead.
Jack! Wait!
Positions!
Aim.
No!
Please.
♪ ♪
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today